[LLMObs] Add Python processor docs and example (#29365)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/setup/sdk/python.md

    return completion
{{< /code-block >}}

## Span processing

> To modify input and output data on spans a processor function can be configured. The processor function has access to span tags to enable conditional input/output modification. See the following examples for usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify input and output data on spans, you can configure a processor function. The processor function has access to span tags to enable conditional input/output modification. See the following examples for usage.
```

### Example

{{< code-block lang="python" >}}
from ddtrace.llmobs import LLMObs
from ddtrace.llmobs import LLMObsSpan

def redact_processor(span: LLMObsSpan) -> LLMObsSpan:
    if span.get_tag("no_output") == "true":
        for message in span.output:
            message["content"] = ""
    return span

# If using LLMObs.enable()
LLMObs.enable(
  ...
  span_processor=redact_processor,
)
# else when using `ddtrace-run`
LLMObs.register_processor(redact_processor)

with LLMObs.llm("invoke_llm_with_no_output"):
    LLMObs.annotate(tags={"no_output": "true"})
{{< /code-block >}}

### Example: conditional modification with auto-instrumentation

> When using auto instrumentation the span is not always contextually accessible. To conditionally modify the inputs and outputs on auto-instrumented spans, `annotation_context()` can be used in addition to a span processor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using auto instrumentation, the span is not always contextually accessible. To conditionally modify the inputs and outputs on auto-instrumented spans, `annotation_context()` can be used in addition to a span processor.
```

    return completion
{{< /code-block >}}

## Span processing

To modify input and output data on spans a processor function can be configured. The processor function has access to span tags to enable conditional input/output modification. See the following examples for usage.

### Example

{{< code-block lang="python" >}}
from ddtrace.llmobs import LLMObs
from ddtrace.llmobs import LLMObsSpan

def redact_processor(span: LLMObsSpan) -> LLMObsSpan:
    if span.get_tag("no_output") == "true":
        for message in span.output_messages:
            message["content"] = ""
    return span

# If using LLMObs.enable()
LLMObs.enable(
  ...
  span_processor=redact_processor,
)
# else when using `ddtrace-run`
LLMObs.register_processor(redact_processor)

with LLMObs.llm("invoke_llm_with_no_output"):

>     LLMObs.annotate(tags={"no_output": "true"})

Reviewer 2: i wonder if we would also benefit from an example of using `LLMObs.annotation_context` here for auto-instrumented spans 🤔 or maybe linking to its section in the docs

Author: yes, great idea!
